update docs to specify request.model usage, and not selectChatModel (#7709)
microsoft/vscode-docs: api/extension-guides/language-model.md

## Send the language model request

> Once you've built the prompt for the language model, you first select the language model you want to use with the [`selectChatModels`](/api/references/vscode-api#lm.selectChatModels) method. This method returns an array of language models that match the specified criteria. If you are implementing a chat participant, we recommend that you instead use the model that is passed as part of the `request` object in your chat request handler - this way your extension will respect the model that the user choose in the chat model dropdown. Then, you send the request to the language model by using the [`sendRequest`](/api/references/vscode-api#LanguageModelChat) method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've built the prompt for the language model, you first select the language model you want to use with the [`selectChatModels`](/api/references/vscode-api#lm.selectChatModels) method. This method returns an array of language models that match the specified criteria. If you are implementing a chat participant, we recommend that you instead use the model that is passed as part of the `request` object in your chat request handler. This ensures that your extension respects the model that the user chose in the chat model dropdown. Then, you send the request to the language model by using the [`sendRequest`](/api/references/vscode-api#LanguageModelChat) method.
```
